okay so this video is about the supreme
burner phone and before I go any further
into it I want to go on record and state
that I don't own any supreme anything I
don't own either clothing any of their
items nothing now I do appreciate what
they do I think that they're incredibly
good at marketing but it's just not for
me so the reason why the supreme phone
caught my interest in the interest of so
many people in this world was because of
what it really was it was a burner phone
that's gonna probably return around 50
maybe 60 bucks and if you don't know
what a burner phone is they're
essentially disposable phones for people
like drug dealers or people that just do
illicit activities that need a phone
that can't be traced or is very
difficult to trace because once you're
done with it once you've done all your
communications with it you can dump it
and then you're essentially untraceable
so the supreme phone is a rebrand of a
phone called the Zowie 2.4 and the phone
specs are just complete trash like what
you would expect for a burner phone it's
got a 2.4 inch screen 128 Meg's of
storage night gigs but like 0.12 8 gigs
it's very small it's got an FM radio
it's got a camera the entire things made
of plastic and it's gonna retail for
like my guess is like 50 60 bucks but I
think in the resale market these things
are gonna break a thousand bucks I
actually think they're gonna be super
expensive on resale now in my hand is
not a real supreme phone this is
something I made by myself it's the Zoe
2.4 which i modded to look like the real
one but I'll get into details of how I
made this it's real simple but before I
get there I want to talk about just the
significance of this supreme phone so
this brand supreme is a brand that I
think a lot of people are familiar with
but there's this misconception that they
make extremely overpriced up and which
is really not the case what they
actually do is they make limited runs of
items and they usually sell them at
somewhat reasonable pricing but because
they're such coveted things and because
there's a limited number of them people
buy them up really quickly
and they just jack up the prices in the
resale market and that's why supreme has
a terrible reputation of having
overpriced stuff it's mostly the resale
market that's screwing it over like
their sweatshirts and even their battery
packs when they launch the pricing is
fine it's just that the resale market of
those items is just bonkers and everyone
know
but they're thousand-dollar brick so
this phone like a lot of their products
was a collaboration with another brand
he reached out to blue and now there's a
supreme burner phone made by blue now
I'm never gonna buy that thing there's
no way that I would ever fork out the
crazy amounts of money that it's gonna
need to have the supreme burner phone so
I made one so these are really easy to
make because the paint job on these
things is like very simple on this phone
I masked it with regular masking tape I
didn't even have painters tape and it
just spray painted it red I actually
used the can that I had from my previous
video like the supreme PC that I built a
couple years ago and I just blasted it
with paint and then I put these supreme
decal on it and I personally do not like
this phone like it would not be caught
dead using this thing but it's just I
just want to see what this thing would
look like in real life and I got to be
honest if you are someone that enjoys
like the whole hypebeast culture and you
like supreme face is a freaking cool
product like this is super like symbolic
and iconic to the brand like everything
about this phone like the fact that it's
a burner phone and when you use it it's
like right up to your ear and the brand
is just broadcasting to everyone around
you everyone knows that you got the
supreme burner phone like it's this is
built for you guys that are into this
thing this is I feel like a lot of
people like Justin say he's one of the
few tech youtuber who's like a true hype
beast he's totally gonna use this thing
shared it to Justin say but if you're
interested in this thing and you see it
at a reasonable price I think you should
grab it because I feel like the resale
value of this phone is gonna go crazy
high over the next couple of years
because it's a burner phone and because
it's a supreme product that's going to
be extremely limited in numbers okay
how is this phone to use well I actually
plugged up my old-school sim so this
thing just to see what it's like it uses
like the big boy Sims first of all it's
a tiny phone compared to like the 1 plus
7 Pro which is what I've been using for
the past a little bit this is this is
super small phone quality is fine and it
even has games and I have to emphasize
the plurality of games because not just
one but two games on this thing there's
snake like this thing is surprisingly
low frame rate from whatever remember
and there's also this block pushing game
I think I played something like this on
okiya phone years ago it could be wrong
but yeah it's got two games the camera
holy smokes
so it's so bad I thought it would be bad
because it's an older phone I mean it's
a burner phone but I do not remember her
photos looking this terrible from a
phone it's a super low res I think it's
like a 640 by 480 picture it's like it's
just a crap camera but it's a burner
phone oh one thing of note it has a
bluetooth antenna so in classic
hypebeast fashion you can rock your ear
pods while rockin the supreme burner
phone and just flex on the scrubs that
aren't on your level I mean like that
you know that the people that are buying
this phone are gonna be rockin air pods
with it just to be you know the ultimate
hype beast okay I'm not ripping on this
phone or the people that are into this
culture like not at all I respect it
like it's not for me I get it it's cool
in its own world but I mean I mean this
is cool I'll be straight honest if there
was one product ever that supreme made
that was like the truest like product to
be made in 2019 this is it like that the
supreme burner phone it's super cool
it's so stupid that becomes iconically
awesome okay that wraps up this video
hope you guys enjoyed it thumbs if you
liked it subs if you loved it
see you guys next time